* I get errors during byte compilation.

This is almost always because some old version of AUC TeX gets loaded
during the compilation.  Make sure to remove all old versions, and try
again.  The Emacs 19 byte-compiler will give warning about free
variables and unknown functions.  Ignore them.

* You are using NeXT Emacs.

NeXT Emacs is broken, a workaround is available by ftp:

host: ftp.emacs.auc.dk
file: /pack/ftp/pub/emacs-lisp/get-proc-env.el.z (gzip'ed)

* You are mixing Emacs 18, FSF Emacs 19, and Lucid Emacs 19.

Make sure to use the correct byte-compiled files for each version.
You may want to disable the automatic byte compilation by setting 

	(setq TeX-byte-compile nil)

in your .emacs file.

* I hate being prompted for master file.

Insert 

	(setq-default TeX-master t)

in your .emacs file.

* Applying style hooks...  is sloooow.

AUC TeX is parsing your file each time you load it.

You can create a subdirectory named `auto' in the directory where you
have your tex files, AUC TeX will then only have to parse the file the
first time you load the file.  It also have the benefit that you get
access to macros, labels, etc. in all the files in a multifile
document from any of the files.

* Applying style hooks... is still too slow.

Set the variable TeX-auto-global to nil.  You will then not get
macro expansion for all macros, but AUC TeX will still expand the
standard LaTeX macros.

* Now saving the buffer is too slow.

AUC TeX parses your buffer and save the information each time you save
the buffer.  You may be able to speed it up by limiting the amount of
information AUC TeX tries to extract.  You can do this by setting the
default value of `TeX-auto-regexp-list' after loading `tex-site.el'.
Look at the definition of the variable in the file `tex-auto.el'.  If
you only use LaTeX commands a good setting would be

(setq-default TeX-auto-regexp-list 'LaTeX-auto-regexp-list)

This will approximately cut the parse time to half.  If you don't use
macro, environment, or label completion, set it to

(setq-default TeX-auto-regexp-list 'LaTeX-auto-minimal-regexp-list)

This will cut the parse time to a quarter of the original.  This will
only parse the documentstyle line, so you can speed it up even more by
setting the amount of text it will try to parse with

(setq-default 'TeX-auto-parse-length 2000)

It will then only parse the first 2000 characters of each file.  To
completly avoid parsing, set TeX-parse-self to nil.  AUC TeX will then
never parse your files.  This will disable most of AUC TeX.

You can specify this on a per file basis.  If you have a special file
with all the defintions used in a document, you may want to make a
full parse of this file, even if you have set the default to a more
limited parse.  You can do this by specifying set the variables in the
file local variables section in the end of the document.

% Local Variables: 
% mode: latex
% TeX-master: t
% TeX-auto-regexp-list: TeX-auto-full-regexp-list
% TeX-auto-parse-length: 999999
% End: 

* C-c C-c has too great a delay.

By default AUC TeX will look in the current directory for files that
may have changed in order to determine if it is necessary to run TeX
or LaTeX again.  You can disable it with

	(setq TeX-check-path nil)

You can also make AUC TeX search your private or the global macro
directories, so AUC TeX will suggest "LaTeX" if any of the style files
have changed.

	(setq TeX-check-path
	      (append '("./") TeX-macro-private TeX-macro-global))

* Only the master file knows about styles, macros, etc.

Create a `auto' subdirectory, and save the master file.  This will put
the necessary information in the `auto' subdirectory, and the other
files in the document will read this information when they apply the
style hooks.

* After I write the file under a new name, AUC TeX still use the old!

AUC @TeX{} cache a lot of information for efficiency, press C-c C-n to
flush the cache after changing the name of a file.  Press C-u C-c C-n
to flush everything.

