I do not know where to start.  This is the preview-latex project at
Sourceforge, <URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.
There is a mailing list for developers, the web page is
<URL:http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/preview-latex-devel>
Send a message with just the word `help' as subject or body to
    preview-latex-devel-request@lists.sourceforge.net
for more information.

Anonymous CVS is available as well.  See the Sourceforge web pages for
more information, but here are the basic instructions:

When prompted for a password for anonymous, simply press the Enter
key.

cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.preview-latex.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/preview-latex login
 
cvs -z3 -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.preview-latex.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/preview-latex co preview

Updates from within the preview directory do not need the -d
parameter.  A simple
cvs update
from with that directory will make your CVS mirror up to date again.
For developer access, ask on the preview-latex-devel list.

Purpose of the package is to embed LaTeX environments such as display
math or figures into the source buffers.  By mouse-clicking, you can
open the original text.  After editing, another click will just run
the region in question through LaTeX and redisplay the new results.

For installation instructions, see the INSTALL file.  For some known
problems with various other software, see PROBLEMS.

Thr project is just starting.  Current state of affairs: you need to
get access to a version of Emacs 21.  The public release 21.1 should
be ok for starters.  Pretest versions before that have problems.
Direct EPS rendering still is in need of improvement and very
experimental, so the default setting replaces Emacs' internal EPS
handling by an indirect rendering mechanism.  If you feel capable of
helping out with Emacs' EPS interface (meaning that the APIs
connecting GhostScript and viewers such as GhostView and xdvi are not
a book with seven seals for you), feel free to do so.  Report bugs you
can reproduce along with the files needed to reproduce them.  The new
display engine for 21.1 is quite powerful, and some bugs still might
be lurking inside.

You also need AucTeX installed and working, and probably a fairly
recent version of GhostScript.  At the current point of time, XEmacs
is not supported.  Work is underway to change that in future versions,
contributions would be welcome.

Bug reports should be sent by using M-x preview-report-bug RET, as
this will fill in a lot of information interesting to us.

See the INSTALL file for installation instructions, and COPYING for
the license.  There is little documentation available except in the
source files themselves at the current point of time.  The LaTeX style
used is documented in a dvi style produced by the installation
process.

Offers to support further development will be appreciated.

David Kastrup, <URL:mailto:dakas@users.sourceforge.net>
