The preview.sty style file:

This style file is part of the preview-latex project with home page
<URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>.  The project page at
<URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex> offers downloads
and anonymous CVS access for cutting edge versions.  The entire
package also is available from CTAN at location
CTAN:support/preview-latex and separate README and INSTALL files exist
for the complete distribution.

While the primary focus of the package has been the support of editing
in Emacs buffers augmented with preview images, its possible uses are
not limited to that.  The package extracts indicated pieces from a
source file (typically displayed equations, figures and graphics) and
typesets with their base point at the (1in,1in) magic location,
shipping out the individual pieces on separate pages without any page
markup, thus eligible for letting Dvips -i -E create separate EPS
files.  It is easy to define what commands and constructs should be
treated that way.

To install the preview style file on its own without fetching the
entire preview-latex package, run
tex preview.ins
If preview.ins happens to be missing, you can regenerate it by running
tex docstrip
on preview.dtx with the option `installer'.

Running TeX on preview.ins will then extract further files:
preview.drv which you can run through LaTeX in order to get the
documentation for preview.sty, preview.sty itself, the option file
prauctex.def and the configuration file prauctex.cfg that is mostly
useful only when using the complete package.  In case your docstrip
configuration has not already taken care of that, install the latter
two files to a location where LaTeX will be able to find them,
generate the documentation and have fun.

The license of the original file is the GPL which you'll find a copy
of in the complete preview-latex distribution.  The complete
distribution will also unpack and install the respective LaTeX files
with an autoconf-supported mechanism, so you might consider using
that.

David Kastrup <URL:mailto:dakas@users.sourceforge.net>
