Release notes for version 0.7.6 of the preview-latex package:

preview-latex dresses up your LaTeX source by placing judiciously
selected chunks (such as single formulas) chopped from unwieldy
preview pages right into its Emacs/XEmacs buffer, while keeping the
original source readily accessible.  You get to have your eye candy
and edit it, too.  Since only the display of the text is affected, you
can safely test-drive on important documents right away.  There are no
physical withdrawal symptoms to be feared if you chose to quit using
it, but you'll find yourself unable to do so.

The employed style file preview.sty is independently useful for
extraction of selected text elements as images.  The package is
released under the GNU Public License (GPL).  At the current point of
time, at least GNU Emacs-21.1 under the X window system, AUC TeX
(11.14 recommended, see below), a working LaTeX installation and
GhostScript are required.  This version also supports XEmacs-21, best
in version 21.4.9 or later.  The various Windows ports of XEmacs
should work out of the box.  Really.  Recent CVS versions of Windows
GNU Emacs can reportedly be made to work, too.

Release 0.7.6 is another consolidation release since AFPL GhostScript
releases 7.x were inexplicably affected negatively by the latest bug
workarounds for GNU GhostScript versions.  Treatment of
multi-directory projects has been corrected, but you need at least
AUC TeX 11.14 to make use of it.  An added feature can be customized
into the new `preview-required-option-list' variable: checking the
`counters' option will make it possible to retain correct equation and
section numbering even when you are regenerating single previews.  The
XEmacs toolbar icon is nicer, too.  Various bugs have been fixed and
the installation process does a better job of getting things to work
particularly for Windows users.

The README file provides adequate information for firing up
preinstalled distributions, and pointers how to provide feedback.  The
INSTALL file contains a special section with advice for package
providers.

The home page is <URL:http://preview-latex.sourceforge.net>, the
SourceForge project page that among others offers anonymous CVS access
is located at <URL:http://sourceforge.net/projects/preview-latex>.

If you can spare the time, you can also comment on or rate this
project at <URL:http://freshmeat.net/projects/preview-latex>.

Additional files can be found at
<URL:http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/preview-latex>:

* If you don't have texinfo 4.0 or later installed, prebuilt
  documentation files can be found there.

* Tarballs of preview-latex for all users, alternatively RPMs for
  RedHat Linux.  For the binary RPMs, you will need the
  preview-latex-common RPM as well as the Emacs-flavor specific RPM.

* AUC TeX is now located at <URL:http://www.nongnu.org/auctex>.  The
  download area should also provide you with RPMs if you are using
  RedHat Linux.

The RPMs require a few packages that should be readily available in
current distributions.  RedHat 7.3 contains Emacs-21.2 and
GhostScript-6.52 which are about the minimum versions to be
recommended.  Later releases should work fine.  XEmacs in current
distributions will still be affected with a serious display bug, see
the PROBLEMS file or the respective manual section.
