-*- text -*-

Modularize AUC TeX's error message parsing
 so that we do not need to steal code from AUC TeX, but can use
 AUC TeX's routines directly.  Submit to AUC TeX development.

Alternatively: factor out AUC TeX specific code
 and provide alternatives.  This could make preview-latex work with
 Emacs' default TeX/LaTeX modes which some people prefer.  Also one
 might provide an abstraction layer that would make it possible to
 embed preview-latex's core mechanisms into Emacs calc.

Fix GhostScript rendering of Emacs
 The current gs.el interface does not work well when multiple EPS
 images appear.  A new process is started for every single image, but
 the processes have to wait for one another.  See also code in
 xdisp.c from the Emacs distribution.

Think about temporary file handling
 The current solution may be suboptimal.  Perhaps a different dvi file
 from the main file would be preferable, perhaps compilation in a
 separate directory, perhaps support for more than one Emacs session
 or user properly accessing the same file.  In all fairness, the
 current _region_ mechanism of AUC TeX does not support this, either.

Port to XEmacs
 Under progress.

Explore possibilities for working via PDF
 Going via latexpdf->GhostScript and a single file would certainly be
 faster than the current latex->dvips->GhostScript path.  The current
 implementation via Dvips, however, uses just a single PostScript file
 and  spends rather little time in Dvips, and the Dvips-generated
 PostScript code is rather simple, so that there is not much hope in
 GhostScript being able to deal much faster with PDF than with
 PostScript in this case.  But could come handy for previewing
 documents intended for use with pdflatex.

Program a direct dvi->png rendering daemon
 that gets sent page requests and file names for both input and
 output and replaces the Dvips->GhostScript chain.  This could be
 done using DVIlib2 from the TeX-Guy project.  The current performance
 of that, however, does not seem to offer any advantage.

Integrate into refTeX
 When referencing to equations and the like, the preview-images of the
 source rather than plain text should be displayed.
 If the preview in question covers labels, those should appear in the
 bubble help and/or a context menu.  Apropos:

Implement context menus
 right mouse key currently just kills previews.  Offer more options
 than that.
